In the last lecture we installed all the dependencies we need.
Now let's start filling our files with some life Astara in the main or TS file.
And here first of all want to import my platform browser dynamic function from ET angular platform browser
dynamic and that's it.
I also need an import and that is my app module.
Now I will import AB module from dot slash app module However this will show an error right now because
app module doesn't export at module it's an empty file right now.
But we'll it's as soon.
So now I will use the platform browser dynamic function executed and then called Bootstrap module and
pass AB module like this.
Now let's work on the app module next year.
I will export app modules so that we don't get this error and you may not Tia's father anymore.
Whoops should be a class though.
And with that I of course need to add Engy module to it and that needs to be imported from at angular
court now.
DNG module of course needs declarations aere as you learned.
We probably will use some imports then we might have some providers and we might also have something
want to bootstrap of course.
So our app component later on.
Now speaking of that let's go to the app component file and export a class here to the app component
class.
And hirable at at component which is imported from.
At a singular core and here of course I configure my app component.
I will give it a select or of app route and a template you are l which points to with a relative path
app dot component dot aged him l.
I'll also add style you are L's and point to app data component.
Don't see us as here.
That's my app component with that created back in the app module.
I can add added two declarations AB component and make sure to add to import to appear and the same
for bootstrap here.
I will also add the up component now.
So if the big get the main TS We get the app component.
Now of course we all need to see something so N-th team will file opt of the app component.
I will say hello world for now.
But then I'll add a horizontal line and I also want to use routing.
So even though we haven't set up a router module yet I will add ankar tech with router link and I will
simply use the to work with our property Beinecke chust point to just slash here and here to users and
hearable say users and for the first one I will just say home and I'll add a neighborhood is on the
line and then the router outlet so here that should get loaded in the end so that's the app component
almost finished in the styling file.
I want to give this age one tag a little Starling's so that you can see the styling worked.
I will set the color to red.
So just to see that DC s s tiling was imported successfully.
Now with Dad we can set up the routing in the app routing module.
Here I will export a class of course the app routing module and this class will receive DNG module decorator
which as before it is imported from an English core in days decorator we don't need declarations.
What I do need here though is the imports array because I want to import my router module here and then
I want to export it of course.
So what I want to do here is set up my routes I'll do this in a constant.
My app routes maybe which is of type routes so that set this type and imported from a single or router.
And that is an array of routes as you learned in the routing section and now the routes I want to set
up here are two routes.
The first one is empty Poth the home route.
Here I want to add a component or want to navigate to a component the home component which I need to
import so I need to import home component from the slash home component file and we don't export the
home component in India right now that it will not work.
As of now the second thing is here the path leading to users.
And that should use lazy loading here.
So hirable say load children and point to dot slash users.
So to the users folder there to the user's module.
This fall here and in there I will name this users module so this should later lazily load as users
component.
Now I can import a router module here imported from getting the router set for root or call for root
and pass my app routes.
And of course export the router module here.
And with that I can go to my app module and import my app routing module.
Make sure to add the import lbf too.
With that in place I can go to the home component and export my class home component you're like dis
And of course add the component decorator which is imported from at a regular court.
Now for the home component here I don't specify a selector because I'm going to loaded why a routing
I will set up an inline template where I simply have H-1 the home page.
So a very simple template in the app routing module does should now work.
Component works in AB module.
I will add it to the declarations aere home component and at the import BAAF.
So that is the first part finished.
Let's now work on the users section in that section.
I want to go to the users component typescript files to components so to say add a class export user's
component here.
And you guessed it I'll add at component as a decorator imported from an Anglo core.
I don't need a selector because I'm going to loaded why a routing I will set up a template you are ELB
pointing to the user is component Daut aged him file and it will set up dishtowel you or else properties
you're pointing to users component Dud's see is as.
Now in these files and the HMO fall at age 1 tech user's component here and it is as false styled as
age one tag to give it a color of green maybe.
So again we can see that this worked.
Now I'll go to my users routing module export a class your users routing module like dat and you guessed
it adds d g module decorator imported from an Anglo core of course and here.
Now again I'll add my imports array and my exports array and then imports.
I want to use router module for child now and I'll keep this really simple.
That's all right it's inline here even.
I'll add my array of route's Tudor's function it'll only hold one roud one object.
Here the path is an empty string and the component will be the user's component which I import here.
So with that I can now export the router module here and I can go back to my user base module export
dishcloths users module and add at Angi module here to like that.
And then here finally now I want to add declarations to declare my user as component and then want to
import something I want to import my users routing module here and to import pauvres at the top of course
I also want to add the common module let's say in case that we wanted to use some common directive so
make sure to import this from at angular common for the same reason.
I just go to the app Marchal And besides importing the app routing module here I want to import the
browser module to get some basic functionality which we need for angular.
So make sure to import browser module from etting platform browser to dead is the basic app created
from the typescript angle or perspective.
We still need to work on the index aged out and pulled the folds will do so in the next lecture.